Phase 4 fullstack project: Recipe System  Author Annastacia Ngina Created on 12-10-2022 Project Description This is the Phase 4 Independent project. It entails developing an platform where anyone can view all the recipe available on the  system and can add a recipe after login authentication.How it works Open the website  login if you have an account or signup.Once on the page you can view all the available recipes. You can delete or add a new recipe. There are also reviews for existing recipe that have lasted for a long period of time. Setup Requirements Git Web-browser or your choice Github Setup Installation Copy the github url Clone to your computer Double click the index.html to go live/start your live server. Technologies used React-frontend CSS-styling Ruby on Rails- backend Setup/Installation Requirements
Known Bugs No known bugs as of know :) . Support and contact details If you have any suggestion or contributions about this project, you can reach out to me on: Email: annastaciangina96@gmail.com Phone: +254741126981. License Copyright 2022 Annastacia Ngina Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions: The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software. THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
